DS3: Update the setup guide (#878)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/dark_souls_3/docs/setup_en.md

The randomization is performed by the AP.json file, an output file generated by the Archipelago server.

> ## Installation Procedures  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation Procedures
```
The added `  ` should not do anything here? In that case it's a white-space error.

> <span style="color:red">**This mod can ban you permanently from the FromSoftware servers if used online** </span>.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span style="color:Tomato">
**This mod can ban you permanently from the FromSoftware servers if used online.** 
</span>  
```
red (`#ff0000 `) is super hard to read on the grass background. Tomato looks still red but has okay-ish contrast.
When viewing in source form, it's better to have the tags on separate lines if possible.

This client has only been tested with the Official Steam version of the game (v1.15/1.35) not matter which DLCs are installed  

Get the dinput8.dll from the [Dark Souls III AP Client](https://github.com/Marechal-L/Dark-Souls-III-Archipelago-client/releases).  
Then you need to add the two following files at the root folder of your game 

> ( e.g. "SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\DARK SOULS III\Game" ):  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g. "SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\DARK SOULS III\Game"):
```

- **dinput8.dll**

> - **AP.json** : The .json file downloaded from the multiworld room or provided by the host, named AP-{ROOM_ID}.json, has to be renamed to AP.json.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **AP.json** : The .json file downloaded from the multiworld room or provided by the host, named AP-{ROOM_ID}.json, has to be renamed to AP.json.
```

Then you need to add the two following files at the root folder of your game 
( e.g. "SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\DARK SOULS III\Game" ):  
- **dinput8.dll**

> - **AP.json** (this is the .json file provided in the multiworld room or by the host, formatted as AP-{ROOM_ID}.json.  Rename this to AP.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **AP.json**: the download provided in the multiworld room or by the host, named AP-{ROOM_ID}.json, has to be randed to AP.json.
```
maybe? not a native speaker myself, but i think having the actual instructions before the '.' makes it harder to skip it when reading.

Author: You're right, I rephrased the sentence by mixing the two suggestions
